---
title: M230 Chaingun Operation
tags: [weapons]
sidebar: ah64d_sidebar
permalink: weapons-m230.html
folder: weapons
---

The M230 Chaingun is a chain-fed, hydraulically actuated 30mm autocannon attached to the underside of the aircraft. It primarily fires M789 High Explosive Dual Purpose rounds, which are capable of engaging infantry, mechanised / motorised units and lighter armoured targets.

When not in use or in the case of hydraulics failure, the weapon system will move to a stowed position of 11 degrees up through its spring loading mechanism. It will only move from this position after being actioned by either operator of the aircraft.

{% include image.html file="weapons/m230.jpg" alt="M230" caption="A WASed M230 on the ground" %}

## Usage

The M230 can be selected by pressing {% include keybind.html name="was-m230" %}.

{% include warning.html content="If you are running ACE, then its engine off keybind is the 1 key. While not a significant issue for our mod (our engine system should automatically turn the engine back on) it is better safe than sorry and you may want to unbind it." %}

When viewing it through the TADS, you can press {% include keybind.html name="target-range" %} to use the LRFD to automatically compensate for range and velocity to target.

{% include warning.html content="If you have an enemy selected in the vanilla targeting system (they have a box around them) then you may have issues with ranging not working as expected, as it will instead compensate for that target rather than where you're currently looking." %}

The M230 will aim at whatever your [selected sight](weapons-sights.html) is.

## 30mm Engagment Sequence

To engage a target with 30mm, use the following sequence, known as SWARM:

1. **S**ight - Select HMD {% include keybind.html name="sight-select-hmd"%}, TADS {% include keybind.html name="sight-select-tads"%} or FCR {% include keybind.html name="sight-select-fcr"%}
2. **W**eapon - WAS (Weapon Action Switch) the Gun {% include keybind.html name="was-m230"%}
3. **A**rm - The aircraft by pressing {% include keybind.html name="arm-safe"%}, verify ARM indication on WPN page
4. **R**ange - Single Detent Range {% include keybind.html name="target-range" %} for if stationary or Continuous Lase (Second Detent) (G) if moving. Verify outside of minimum (500m), within maximum (4200m)
5. **M**essages - Verify round count, Mode (NORM/FXD) and no EL LIMIT or AZ LIMIT, etc. displayed