---
title: Changelog (v2.2.0)
tags: [changelogs]
sidebar: ah64d_sidebar
permalink: changelogs-v2-2-0.html
folder: changelogs
---
The next development of the Apache Mod, V2.2.0. Now this Is a dozzy, with this realease comes one of thee Biggest Foward facing Change to the mod, And brings us significatly closer to our Vision for the mod, there are many exciting changes for you to play with and learn most notibly the flight model and the Mpds, so good luck & good hunting.

[New documentation site](https://ah-64d-apache-official-project.github.io/)

## MPD System 
Mpd, Ufd & Ku have been rewritten from scratch to utilize the arma 3 MFD system, During this process the Mpd were rewritten to match the specs of the AH-64 -10 BLK 1 Documentation.
With these changes you can Better visualise and interact with the Mpd systems, this has also allowed us to unrestrict the Mpds from how they used to be, you are now able to open any page on any of your two Mpds.
This will also give us the future ability to go back and add more Mpd pages in the future much easier than previously done.
A quick list of some of the new pages added.
 - DTU
 - COORD
 - PERF
 - UTIL
 - CODE
 - ABR

## Eden Points
In the Eden editor, you now have the ability to create DMS points for the Apache ahead of the mission which can then be loaded onto the Apache in the DTU screen using master load, this is to simulate the apaches abiity to be given a cartrage HDD with preloaded TSD points, using these DMS points you can place the apache Waypoints, control measures and Hazards points ahead of time, for each mission.

## HeliSim Alpha

## customisation 
We have added the ability to Customize the Apache in mission with some ace interactions, to start with externaly you can interact with the Doors to open and close them, you can also interact with the tail to set a custom 5 digit tail number.
secondly with placeable static objects you can now install/uninstall mid mission the FCR, IAFS & 1200Rnd Magazine.
lastly Inside the garage you can customise the mission Equipment avaliable to the Apache, you Have two to choose from American & British Equipment, The american equipment gives you The Infra Red Jammer syste & the British Mission Equipment gives you the Missile Warning System & Flare Countermeasures, The Missle warning system refreneced is not The detection or Alarm of missile Launch, which is still available to Both, But the tracking of the missiles possition on the Ase Page.

## Ace Laser Guidance
With the introduction of the Mpd system rewrite, we have added ACE laser Code for SAL Hellfires, the laser code and channels are set and controlled throught the WPN Page and CODE page.

## Internal Audio System (Betty)
Yet again we have remade Betty, it is now comes with a bigger library of audio warnings, all of which made from scratch to connect to a liteny of systems to keep you more situationaly aware of your surroundings and the condition of your aircraft should something happen.